Some additions clarifying CE migration and prior and next steps (#3)
alexnb/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/fleet-management/migration-to-aura.adoc

But if your self-managed deployment is already connected and monitored using Fleet Manager, Fleet Manager can guide you through the migration directly from the Aura console.

> Fleet Manager has two options for migration from community edition:

Reviewer: Why from Community Edition? I did this from EE, but is the experience different from CE?

> Fleet Manager has two options for migration from community edition:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fleet Manager has two options for migration from Community Edition:
```

* *Migrate to Aura* (or the *Migrate to Aura* button) to open the migration wizard.

> * *Migrate to Aura with one click* to migrate to a new instance using a recommended configuration, without going through the full wizard (see <<one-click-migration>>).

Reviewer: This did not work from CE, only EE. Is one-click supposed to work from CE?

* The deployment must be *monitored* by Fleet Manager and in the *RUNNING* state.
See xref:fleet-management/setup.adoc[Add a deployment] for how to set up monitoring.

* The deployment must run *Neo4j Community Edition {min-version} or later*, or *Neo4j Community Edition {min-version-plugin} or later with Fleet Management plugin {min-plugin-version} or later*.

* You must have the *Project admin* role for the Aura project where the deployment is monitored.

[TIP]
====

> Before migrating your database, you may want to consider creating a defragmented copy of your database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before migrating your database, consider creating a defragmented copy of your database.
```
Better to be direct.

Each stage shows its progress (pending, in progress, success, or failure).
If a stage fails, you can expand *Standard output*, *Standard error*, and *Stack trace* sections to inspect the logs.

[[After-migration]]
== After migration

Uploading a database to Aura does not change its store format.

> If you migrated from a community edition deployment its very likely that your database is not on block format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you migrated from a Community Edition deployment its likely that your database is not on block format.
```

After a successful migration, you should consider switching to block format to take advantage of the performance and storage benefits it provides.

> See link:https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/database-internals/store-formats/[Store formats] for further reading on the block store format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See link:https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/database-internals/store-formats/[Store formats] for more information about the block store format.
```
